covidplot stack -save
covidplot stack -save -death
covidplot stack -save -total
covidplot stack -save -death -total
covidplot map -save
covidplot map -save -percapita
covidplot map -save -common
covidplot states MD -smooth 7 -save
covidplot states IL -smooth 7 -save
covidplot states AZ -smooth 7 -save
covidplot states VA -smooth 7 -save
covidplot counties MD -save
covidplot counties MD -save -perc
covidplot counties MD -save -common
covidplot counties IL -save
covidplot counties IL -save -perc
covidplot counties IL -save -common
covidplot counties AZ -save
covidplot counties AZ -save -perc
covidplot counties AZ -save -common
covidplot counties VA -save
covidplot counties VA -save -perc
covidplot counties VA -save -common
